added module overview (#8127)
inmanta/inmanta-core: docs/reference/modules_content.md

# Modules

> This page gives an overview of all modules available by Inmanta on the Inmanta Orchestration Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page gives an overview of all modules available by Inmanta on the Inmanta Service Orchestration Platform.
```

## Adapter

> The following table provides and overview of all available adapters by Inmanta. Depending on the adapter they are opensource, included in specific
> product suites or directly licensed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table provides an overview of all available adapters made by Inmanta. Depending on the adapter they can be opensource, included in specific
product suites or directly licensed.
```

| athonet-core       | Support for the full configuration of the Athonet 4G/5G combo-core                                            |
| athonet-ims        | Support for the full configuration of the Athonet IMS                                                         |
| aws                | Support for AWS resources, mostly focused on EC2 and VPC                                                      |
| aws-dc             | Support for orchestration hosted direct connect resources                                                     |
| azure-expressroute | Support for Azure express route resources                                                                     |
| checkpoint         | Support for Checkpoint firewalls including VSX, rules, inventory, interfaces, routing, ...                    |
| cisco-xe           | Support for Cisco XE based devices such as CSR1000v and ASR through Netconf/YANG                              |
| cisco-xr           | Support for Cisco XR based devices such as ASR9k, XRd and NCS through Netconf/YANG                            |

> | cloudflare         | Support for Cloudflare all resources including zero-trust services                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cloudflare         | Support for all Cloudflare resources including zero-trust services                                            |
```
